// The number of examples in this file: 52
testPatient1 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false
testPatient2 positive    false false true true false false true true true false false true true true true true false false false true true true
testPatient3 positive    true false false false true true false false true true false true true true true true false false false true true false
testPatient4 negative    false true false true true true false true true true false false true false false true false false true false true true
testPatient5 positive    false false true true false true false false false true false false false true false false false false false true false true
testPatient6 positive    false true false true true false false true true true false true true true true true true false true false false false
testPatient7 positive    true false false true true true false true true true false true true true true true true false true false false false
testPatient8 positive    true false false false false true false false false false false false false true true true false false true false false false
testPatient9 positive    false false true true true false false false true false false true true true true true true true false false false false
testPatient10 positive   false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false
testPatient11 positive   false true false true false true false false false true false true true true true true false true false false false false
testPatient12 negative   false true false true false true false false false true true false true true true false false false true false true true
testPatient13 positive   true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false true false false false
testPatient14 positive   false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false
testPatient15 negative   false false true true false true false true false true true false false true true false false false true false false false
testPatient16 positive   false true false true false true false true true true false true true true true true true false false true false false
testPatient17 positive   false true false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false
testPatient18 positive   false false true true false true false false true true true true true false true true true false true false true true
testPatient19 negative   false true false true false false false false true true true true false true true true true false true false true true
testPatient20 positive   true false false true true true true true true false true true true true true false true true false false false false
testPatient21 positive   false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false
testPatient22 negative   false false true true true true false true true false false false false true true true false false false true true false
testPatient23 positive   true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false false
testPatient24 positive   false false true true true true false true true true false false false true false true false true false false true true
testPatient25 positive   false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false true false false
testPatient26 negative   false true false true true true false false false true true true false false true true false false true false true true
testPatient27 positive   false false true true true true false true true false false true true true true false true true false false true true
testPatient28 negative   false true false true true true true true true true true true false true false true true true false false false true
testPatient29 positive   true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false true
testPatient30 positive   false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false
testPatient31 positive   false true false false true true false false false false false true false true true true true true false false false true
testPatient32 positive   false false true true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false
testPatient33 positive   false false true true false true true true true true true true true true true true false false true false true true
testPatient34 positive   false true false true false true false false false true true true true true true true false false false true false true
testPatient35 positive   false false true true true true false true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false
testPatient36 positive   true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false
testPatient37 positive   false false true false true true false false true true false true false true true true false false true false false false
testPatient38 negative   false false true true false true false false true true true true true true true true false false true false false false
testPatient39 positive   false true false true false true false false false false false true true true true true true true false false false true
testPatient40 positive   true false false true false true false false true true true true true true true true true true false false true false
testPatient41 positive   false true false true true false true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false true
testPatient42 positive   false true false true true true false true true true false true true true true true true false true false false true
testPatient43 positive   false true false true false true false true true false true true true true true true false true false false true false
testPatient44 positive   false false true true false true false true true false false false false true true false false true false false false true
testPatient45 positive   true false false true false true false true true true false true true true true true false false false true true true
testPatient46 negative   false false true true false true false false true true true true false false true false true true false false true true
testPatient47 positive   true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false true
testPatient48 negative   false false true true true true false false false true true true false false true false false true false false true false
testPatient49 positive	 false true false false false true false false true true true false true true true true true false true false false false
testPatient50 positive	 false true false true false true false false false true true true true true true true true true false false false false
testPatient51 positive	 false true false true false false true true true false false true true true true true true true false false false false
testPatient52 positive	 true false false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false
