// The number of examples in this file: 102
trainPatient1 positive     true false false false false true true true true false true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient2 positive     false true false true false true false true true false true true true true true true false true false false true false 
trainPatient3 positive     false false true true true true false true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient4 positive     false true false true true false true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient5 positive     false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false true false false 
trainPatient6 positive     false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient7 negative     false false true true false true false true false true true false true true true false false false true false false false 
trainPatient8 positive     true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false false 
trainPatient9 positive     false true false true true true false true true true false true true true true true false true false false false false 
trainPatient10 positive    true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false true false false false 
trainPatient11 positive    false true false true false false true true true false false true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient12 positive    false true false true true false false true true true false true false true true true true false false true true false 
trainPatient13 positive    false true false true true false false true true true false true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient14 positive    true false false true true true false true true true false true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient15 positive    false true false true false false true true true true true true true true true false false false true false false false 
trainPatient16 positive    false true false true false true false false false true true true true false true true true false true false true false 
trainPatient17 positive    false false true true true true false true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient18 positive    false true false true false true false true true true false true true true true true true false false true false false 
trainPatient19 negative    true false false true true false true false false true true true true true true true true false false true false false
trainPatient20 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false true
trainPatient21 positive    false true false true false false true true true false false true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient22 positive    true false false false true false false true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient23 positive    true false false true true true false false false false false false false true true true false false true false false false 
trainPatient24 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient25 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient26 positive    true false false false false false true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient27 positive    true false false true false true false false true true true true true true true true true true false false true false 
trainPatient28 positive    false true false true false false false false false true false true false true true true true true false false true false 
trainPatient29 positive    false false true false true true false true true true false true false true true true false true false false true false 
trainPatient30 positive    false false true true false true false true true false false true true true true true true true false false true false 
trainPatient31 positive    false false true true false false false false true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient32 negative    false true false true false false false false true true false true true true true true false false true false true false 
trainPatient33 positive    false true false false true false false false false true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient34 positive    true false false false false true true true true true false true true true true true false true false false true false 
trainPatient35 positive    false true false true true true false true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient36 negative    false true false true true true false true true true true true false true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient37 positive    true false false true true true false false false true true false true true true true false false true false false false 
trainPatient38 positive    true false false false false true false false false false false false false true true true false false true false false false 
trainPatient39 positive    false true false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient40 positive    false false true true true true false false true true false false false false true true false true false false true true
trainPatient41 positive    false false true true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient42 positive    true false false true true true true true true false true true true true true false true true false false false false 
trainPatient43 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient44 positive    false false true true false true false true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient45 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false true false false false 
trainPatient46 positive    true false false true true true false false true true true true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient47 positive    false true false true false true true true true true false true false true true true true false true false true false 
trainPatient48 positive    true false false false true true false false true true false true true true true true false false false true true false 
trainPatient49 positive    false true false true false true true true true true true false true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient50 positive    false true false true true false false false false true true true false true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient51 negative    false true false true false true false false false true false true false false false true true true false false true true
trainPatient52 positive    false true false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient53 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient54 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient55 positive    false true false true true false false true true true false false true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient56 positive    true false false true true true false true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient57 positive    false true false true false true false false false true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient58 positive    true false false true true false true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient59 positive    false false true true true false false false true false false true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient60 positive    false true false false false true false false true true true false true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient61 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient62 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient63 positive    false true false true true true false false false true true true false true false false false true false false true false 
trainPatient64 positive    false true false true false true true true true false false false true true true true false true false false true false 
trainPatient65 positive    false true false true true true false false true true true true true true true true true true false false true false 
trainPatient66 positive    true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false false 
trainPatient67 positive    false false true true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false true false 
trainPatient68 negative    false false true true true true false false false true true true false false true false false true false false true false 
trainPatient69 positive    false true false true true true false true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient70 positive    false true false true false true false false true true true true true true true true true false true false true false 
trainPatient71 positive    true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient72 negative    false true false true false true false false true false false true false true true true true false false true false false 
trainPatient73 positive    false false true true true true false false false true false true true true true true true false false true false false 
trainPatient74 positive    false true false true false true false false false true false true true true true true false true false false false false 
trainPatient75 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient76 positive    false true false true false false false false true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient77 negative    false false true true true true false true true false false false false true true true false false false true true false 
trainPatient78 positive    false true false false false false true true true true false true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient79 positive    false true false true false true false true true false false true false true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient80 positive    true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient81 positive    true false false true true true false false false true true true true true true true false true false false false false 
trainPatient82 negative    true false false true true true false false false true false true false false false true false false true false true true
trainPatient83 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false true false false 
trainPatient84 positive    true false false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false false false 
trainPatient85 positive    false false true false false true false false true true true true true true true true false false true false true false 
trainPatient86 positive    false false true false true true false false true true false true false true true true false false true false false false 
trainPatient87 positive    true false false true false true false false false true false true true true true true true false true false false false 
trainPatient88 negative    false true false true false true false false true true true false true true false true false true false false false true
trainPatient89 positive    false true false true false true false false false false false true true true true true true true false false false true
trainPatient90 positive    false true false false false true false true true false false false false true true true false false true false true true
trainPatient91 negative    false true false true false true false false false true true false false true false false false true false false true true
trainPatient92 positive    false true false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false false true false false true
trainPatient93 positive    false false true true false true true true true true true true true true true true false false true false true true
trainPatient94 negative    false false true true false true false false true true false false false true true true true false false true true true
trainPatient95 positive    false true false true false false false false false false false true true true true true true false true false false true
trainPatient96 positive    true false false true false true false false true true false true false true true true false false true false false true
trainPatient97 positive    false true false true false true false false true false false true false true true false true false true false true true
trainPatient98 negative    false true false true true true true true true true true true false true false true true true false false false true
trainPatient99 positive    false false true true false true false true true false false false false true true false false true false false false true
trainPatient100 negative   false true false true false true false false true true false true false false false false true false false true true true
trainPatient101 positive   true false false true true true true true true true true true true true true true false true false false false true
trainPatient102 positive   true false false true false true false true true true false true true true true true false false false true true true
